Logging and Datasource docstyle review (#44799)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/datasource.adoc

[[other-databases]]
===== Custom databases and drivers

> If Quarkus does not provide a JDBC extension for your database, use a custom driver, such as OpenTelemetry JDBC.

Reviewer: This is kind of awkward, since OpenTelemetry has nothing to do with a specific database; it's a JDBC driver wrapper.

```suggestion
If Quarkus does not provide a JDBC extension for your database, or if you need to use a different JDBC driver (for example for OpenTelemetry), you can use configure the JDBC driver explicitly.
```

Author: Hey, good point. Thank you. Now, it will be even better.

> Without an extension, custom drivers work correctly in JVM mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Without an extension, JDBC drivers are expected to work correctly in JVM mode.
```

I would not consider jdbc drivers for "custom"
